Roadmap v0.9 (#1801)
liqotech/liqo: ROADMAP.md

# Roadmap

> Planned features for the next release (v0.9, expected early June 2023) include the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Planned features for the next release (v0.9, expected June 2023) include the following:
```

> * Make it possible to target a remote cluster's nodes with Multiple Virtual Nodes (check [this](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/issues/1768) and [this](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/issues/1766) issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable to summarize the resources of the remote cluster with more than one Virtual Node (check [this](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/issues/1768) and [this](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/issues/1766) issues).
```
